hello everybody how are you Dave defrank
a from tech social calm we have a new
question from Jake phys one i
don't--that's youtube or Twitter the
find out i'll put its links went below
as usual via peter bergna calm / esque
that is where you can ask your questions
and hopefully get them answered in
videos such as this so today's question
is hey Dave I've always wondered this
value oh here we go being a gamer at all
out of all the games you've played which
platform are single game is your most
favorite it would be interesting to know
because you've never told us me
personally is the legend of zelda series
they never seemed to blow me away i
would love to hear your thoughts in an
upcoming video thanks so I honestly had
a little bit of trouble reading that a
lot of grammatical errors while many
grammatical errors sorry no offense I'm
just a grammar freak first of all let's
tackle the ladder and meaning my
favorite game series of all time I don't
have one I simply don't as I've gotten
older I've introduced myself to more and
more serious this is I'm always wondered
at series's series what is the plural of
series seriously what is it serious or
series's like i said though i really
don't have a favor I mean there are so
many awesome series is out there there
is Mario der Sonic I'm just naming those
two because it's my childhood right
there there's Raymond I'm playing Rayman
Origins on the Franco getting right now
youtube.com slash to Franco gaming link
is below Metal Gear Solid a great series
obviously Final Fantasy phenomenal music
one of the best video game soundtracks
out there in my opinion Animal Crossing
freaking love animal crossing donkey
kong country mario kart zelda of course
obviously as you mentioned Jake what
else Angry Birds count to the series
nowadays it's really not a console game
even though it is on consoles and it's
x1 ps3 trust me i played it but it
counts as a serious oh I guess I am your
bird so I guess the point is I really
don't have a favor and as you can tell I
mean I like so many different things and
plus i don't really like naming things
my favorite because to me that feels
biased yes i do have certain favorites
in the world such as my favorite brain
is obviously apple my favorite directive
choices coffee but that's more generic
stuff but when it comes to choosing one
video game series added hundreds to
choose from i guess i really don't have
a favor that's all I'm trying to say
here however now my favor game platform
meaning the console of choice now this
is my favorite but this is definitely
way at the top of the list in terms of
memories and that nice feeling I get
yeah I'm like Don the Pledge of
Allegiance here it's just one of the
best consoles I've ever played and ever
will play and that is the Nintendo 64 I
will never ever forget the first time I
walked in toys r us this was in
Philadelphia exhaust visiting my grandma
my grandpa back then and I was thinking
you know why it will be amazing is if
they had an n64 kiosks cooked up but I
was like yeah probably not this is like
a couple weeks before launch by the way
and or maybe a month and I walked in
there it was to my right and I was like
oh my god I had a freakout attack I
could not believe my eyes there it was
super mario 64 the n64 controller in my
hand I was playing it the graphics back
then were amazing and super marisa for
remains to be at the top of my favorite
mario games okay there you go i guess
one my favorite games of all time stuff
like super mario 64 that's at the top of
all the mario games right near Super
Mario Brothers 3 for NES and super mario
world for SNES I've been gaming for a
long time most likely longer than some
of my viewers out there
I have some younger viewers but um I am
the 64 guys amazing console it didn't
get the best support in the long run but
it had some of the most amazing games
I'll always remember mario kart 64
starfox 64 is my first rumble pack game
Legend of Zelda 64 ocarina of time I got
that for my birthday one year amazing
memory sector diddy kong racing please
guys told me you played diddy kong
racing oh I cannot express my love for
that series and many many other games
out of course do you remember a game
called blast corpse is that it bland
square up 64 blast corpse 64 I believe
it was called that yeah oh my god
remember that game and pilotwings 64 so
as you can see I have awesome memories
at a 64 alone and in my personal opinion
it will always be one of the best
consoles ever invented right next to the
second Dreamcast actually so thank you
for your question Jake awesome question
I didn't really give you a straight
answer I gave you several inches
actually but it was an awesome question
because I love going down memory lane
memory lane have you actually found a
road called memory lane besides walt
disney world yes I've been there okay
today's free audiobook as you guys know
I like to promote audible in terms of
while giving you free stuff it's always
good today's free audiobook miss extra
lives why video games matter this is my
first time ever recommending this one
normally at $23 ninety three cents value
did I say that right but you guys can
get it for completely free by going to
audibletrial.com/preneurcast right below
click that register search US title and
the rest is yours for free now I've seen
some people asking but David what if I
don't want to have my credit card number
on there that's probably fine yes you
have to sign up using a credit card but
you're free to cancel at any time and
keep the audio book for the rest of your
life thank you guys so much for watching
check out d DeFranco column such as if
you are just asking your
question then you never know people to
answer it in a future video goodbye Oh
portal portals another awesome series of
mine oh and halo and grand theft auto oh
my god how did I forget that oh and
Kirby well that's my motto warfare call
duty and all that good stuff and
uncharted throw too many good games to
name